Israel's war on Gaza continues to expand
as it's not been able to find the
captives being held by Fighters and we
now share this video this according to
the Israeli Army is proof that two
captives were at gaza's ala Hospital
seen here in CCTV footage gunmen are
entering another hostage from those
countries I mentioned into the vicinity
the terrorists are guarding the
room we have not yet located both of
these hostages and rescued them we have
not yet located them security cameras
have been obstructed all of the security
cameras are earlier Israeli soldiers
claimed that all security cameras in
alifa were obstructed near the hospital
they found a body of a soldier Israel
admits the captured Soldier was hit in
an Israeli strike and claims she was
then killed by Hamas Fighters another
Army video claims this is an entrance to
a tunnel days after attacking gaza's
largest hospital Israeli bulldozers
unearth dis shaft Palestinian Engineers
say this concrete structure could not
have been constructed in secret and it's
unlike most tunnels which are built with
prefabricated concrete slabs these
videos are part of Israeli military's
attempt to prove the hospital was being
used by Hamas as a command center and
not protected under International
humanitarian law a war crime say
Palestinians in Gaza who accuse Israel
of lying about the hospital being under
the control of
Fighters claimed that this hospital was
a command center where is that there's
nothing of the sort not because we HIIT
it but because the truth is the
occupation is lying whether the
occupation finds a hole here or there
enters the tunnel here or there it does
not mean much we don't deny tunnels
extend along the roads and streets in
Gaza for hundreds of kilometers we've
never hidden that this is a grab bag
more doubt on who placed an arrange what
Israeli military has presented as
evidence this is what the military video
showed before selected journalist
equipment there is a an AK-47 the number
of guns in the MRI room increased they
can be seen as being arranged
differently these are explosives in
other places what's claimed as evidence
found location has been neatly arranged
for cameras this video was also deleted
and uploaded again the earlier version
showed what appeared to be an Israeli
soldier on a laptop presented as
evidence they thought would be and the
claim that the video was unedited was
also seemingly untrue because here
inside you can see the video was
stitched together and the Israeli Army
has also deleted an earlier post which
admitted that it sees ambulances and
hospitals as legitimate
targets but despite the word War crime
now being used more frequently by
analysts and Aid groups Israel's war on
Gaza continues to have support from
Western governments the first war crime
is being committed by Hamas by having
their headquarters their military hidden
under Hospital
the doctors and nurses and personnel and
opportunity to get out of Harm's Way so
this is a different story than I believe
what was occurring before indiscriminate
bombing and that indiscriminate bombing
has consequences as this doctor says he
wants the world to hear not just screams
of feminine children as they
die but also see the Spectre of death as
death itself is
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz